In the event of a series win for Bangladesh, they will increase their lead over Pakistan and the West Indies

Bangladesh in their tour of New Zealand will have the opportunity to better their position in the International Cricket Council’s ODI team rankings.
The three-ODI series gets underway early Monday morning when the visiting Tigers lock horns with the home side in Christchurch.
In the event of a series win for the tourists, they will increase their lead over Pakistan and the West Indies.
On the other hand, Bangladesh only need to avoid being blanked 3-0 so as not to drop points in the rankings, which will determine the automatic qualifiers for the 2019 World Cup.
The Tigers are currently seventh with 95 rating points, ahead of Pakistan (89) and the West Indies (87). Other than hosts England, the seven highest-ranked sides as on September 30, 2017 will qualify directly for the ICC’s pinnacle 50-over tournament.
The Kiwis, having lost 3-0 to Australia in the recent Chappell-Hadlee series, will drop one place in the rankings in the event of a series loss by any margin while Bangladesh will remain seventh, irrespective of any result.
Meanwhile in the ODI batsmen’s rankings, Bangladesh wicketkeeper-batsman Mushfiqur Rahim is the best-ranked batsman, at 18th. In contrast, New Zealand captain Kane Williamson will be top-ranked from either side at fifth with Martin Guptill following him at sixth.
In the ODI bowlers’ rankings, Bangladesh have two players in the top 10 with left-arm spinner Shakib al Hasan at fifth and limited-over captain Mashrafe bin Mortaza at 10th.
Kiwi fast bowler Trent Boult is top-ranked with paceman Matt Henry at seventh.
Ace Bangladesh all-rounder Shakib is the top-ranked all-rounder in this format.
POSSIBLE SCENARIOS
If New Zealand win 3-0: New Zealand 111 rating points, Bangladesh 91
If New Zealand win 2-1: New Zealand 109, Bangladesh 95
If Bangladesh win 3-0: New Zealand 105, Bangladesh 100
If Bangladesh win 2-1: New Zealand 107 (behind England on decimal points), Bangladesh 97
Boult will not play the third ODI and miss at least the first T20 match while Southee will miss the entire T20 series

New Zealand’s frontline seamers Trent Boult and Tim Southee will have their workloads managed through the limited-overs portion of their series against Bangladesh to ensure they are fresh for the rest of the international programme, coach Mike Hesson has said.
New Zealand begin a three-match one-day series against Bangladesh in Christchurch on Monday, before they play three Twenty20 internationals ahead of two Tests.
Boult will not play the final one-day match in Nelson on Dec. 31 and miss at least the first T20 match in Napier on Jan. 3, while Southee will miss the entire T20 series ahead of the first Test in Wellington that starts on Jan. 12.
“It’s always a balancing act with guys that play all three forms, especially the bowlers,” Hesson told reporters in Christchurch on Saturday.
“We’ll give them a chance to get their loads up so they’re ready to go for the Test match.”
Both played domestic limited overs cricket upon New Zealand’s return from Australia, where they were thumped 3-0 in their Chappell-Hadlee one day series against Steve Smith’s side.
Most of the team had returned to their domestic sides since, with Boult, Southee and spinner Mitchell Santner all playing on Friday in Hamilton before joining the national side.
Tom Latham, Matt Henry, Neil Broom and Jimmy Neesham all played for their respective teams in a T20 match in Christchurch on Friday.
“I think it’s been good the guys have had 10-12 days home playing some domestic cricket,” Hesson said.
“(They’re) getting some confidence back.”
Captain Kane Williamson, however, had not played any cricket at all, Hesson said, with the coach restricting all contact with the 26-year-old.
“It’s been nice to be able to give him a break, it’s a tough ask playing all three forms of the game and you’re captain as well.
“I’ve left him alone to be fair to enjoy his break rather than getting annoying phone calls from me all the time.
“He’s certainly fresh and ready to go.”
New Zealand host Australia for three one-day matches after the Bangladesh series before South Africa arrive for a full tour that includes a T20 international, five one-day matches and three Tests.

Bangladesh will travel to Christchurch on Friday for the first of their three ODIs against the Black Caps

Visiting Bangladesh cricket team started their New Zealand tour on a losing note as the hosts beat the Tigers by three wickets in a rain-affected, 43 overs per side practice game at Cobham Oval, Whangarei on Thursday.
Despite the loss, fast bowling sensation Mustafizur Rahman had a fruitful outing, bagging two wickets in his return to competitive action. This was his first match in five months after recovering from his shoulder surgery.
Batting first, Bangladesh XI posted 245/8 in 43 overs with opening batsman Imrul Kayes, out-of-form Soumya Sarkar, BPL 4 man of the tournament Mahmudullah and wicketkeeper-batsman Mushfiqur Rahim all registering starts.
Mushfiq top-scored with 45 off 41 balls, hitting two fours and a six while Soumya must have been a relieved man after scoring 40 off 47 deliveries. Imrul Kayes made a brisk 29-ball 36 and added 55 runs for the second wicket alongside Soumya.

Soumya Sarkar must have been a relieved man after scoring 40 off 47 deliveries BCB
Mahmudullah on the other hand gave the opportunity to the others for some time in the middle as he retired after scoring a 46-ball 43. Shakib added 23 off 35 balls, Sabbir Rahman made a 20-ball 11 while Tanvir Haider scored 10 off nine balls.
Captain Mashrafe bin Mortaza was not out on a 19-ball 21 but opener Tamim Iqbal missed out, making only one off five balls.
Shawn Hicks and Brett Hampton shared four wickets between themselves.
In reply, Ben Horne remained unbeaten on a 53-ball 60, featuring five fours, as New Zealand XI reached their target in 41.4 overs. Horne received valuable support from opener Ben Smith (50) and Bharat Popli (45).
Mustafizur picked up the wickets of Ryan Duffy (four) and Henry Shipley (24) while Shakib bagged three wickets. Leg-spinner Tanvir Haider was expensive, leaking 59 runs without success in nine overs.
Bangladesh will travel to Christchurch on Friday for the first of their three ODIs against the Black Caps, scheduled to be held on Boxing Day. The second and third ODI will be held at Saxton Oval, Nelson this Thursday and next Saturday respectively.
BRIEF SCORE
New Zealand XI 247/7 in 41.4 overs (Shakib 3/41, Mustafizur 2/39) beat Bangladesh XI 245/8 in 43 overs (Mushfiq 45, Mahmudullah 43) by three wickets (D/L method)