Dr Mujibul Haque Khan and Dr Faysal Iqbal Chowdhury were elected president and general secretary respectively in the Chittagong chapter of Bangladesh Medical Association (BMA).

The elections to the Chittagong chapter of the BMA were held at the city’s Dr Khastagir Girls’ High School on Thursday without any untoward incident.
As many as 3,400 physicians out of total 4,442 physicians exercised their franchise to elect a 23-member committee.
Dr Alauddin Mazumder, convener of the BMA elections to the port city unit declared the result of the polls at 1am yesterday.
Two panels of physicians of pro-Awami League doctors’ forum Swadhinata Chikitsak Parishad (Swachip) took part in the port city unit of the BMA polls.
Dr Mujibul Haque Khan and Dr Faysal Iqbal Chowdhury led one panel while Dr Nasir Uddin Mahmud and Dr ANM Minhazur led the other panel.
Bangladesh Nationalist Party (BNP)-backed Doctors’ Association of Bangladesh (DAB) and Jammat-e-Islami-backed National Doctors’ Forum (NDF) boycotted the elections, accusing the election commission of bias.
Dr Mujibul Haque Khan polled 2,119 votes while his nearest contestant Dr Nasir Uddin Mahmud polled 1,127 votes. Dr Faysal Iqbal Chowdhury polled 2,268 votes while his nearest contestant polled Dr ANM Minhazur polled 959 votes.
Chittagong City Corporation (CCC) Mayor AJM Nasir Uddin extended his support to Dr Mujibul-Dr Faysal panel.
On the other hand, former city mayor and Chittagong city AL president ABM Mohiuddin Chowdhury sided with Dr Nasir-Dr Minhazur panel.

Describing Narayanganj City Corporation (NCC) elections as free and fair ones, Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina on Friday said the people...

Describing Narayanganj City Corporation (NCC) elections as free and fair ones, Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina on Friday said the people of Narayanganj have given a befitting reply to the BNP allegation.
“The BNP has been making allegations that free, fair and neutral elections are not possible during the Awami League government. But the people of Narayanganj have given a befitting reply to that allegations by holding the polls free and fair,” BSS quoted her as saying.
The premier added: “The NCC elections were excellent polls and I congratulate and thank the people of Narayanganj as well as Awami League leaders and workers and other concerned for holding the polls in a free, fair and neutral manner.”
Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina on Friday, December 23, 2016, hugs and congratulates Narayanganj mayor Selina Hayat Ivy for being re-elected at a programme in GanabhabanBSS
Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina on Friday, December 23, 2016, hugs and congratulates Narayanganj mayor Selina Hayat Ivy for being re-elected at a programme in Ganabhaban BSS
Sheikh Hasina made the remarks when newly-elected mayor of Narayanganj City Corporation (NCC) Dr Selina Hayat Ivy called on the PM at her official Ganabhaban residence here this evening.
Awami League-backed candidate Dr Ivy registered a landslide victory in Thursday’s NCC polls beating her nearest rival BNP’s Advocate Shakhawat Hossain by 79,567 votes.
Selina Hayat Ivy also spoke at the function, while AL General Secretary  Obaidul Quader was present on the dais. AL Joint Secretary Dr Dipu Moni conducted the function.
Senior leaders of Bangladesh Awami League and its Narayanganj unit leaders were present too.
“They have given that mandate to Ivy and for this I congratulate and thank them,” she said.
The prime minister also extended her heartfelt congratulations to the Election Commission as well as administration and law enforcement agencies for holding the NCC polls peacefully.
“The law enforcement agencies took strict security measures so that the people could exercise of their voting rights without any trouble,” she said, adding that the significance of the NCC polls was that a huge number of women and the elderly people, who cannot move, cast vote by riding on wheelchairs.

